# A History of Arkon and the Establishment of Stability in Nerris
The history of Nerris is a long one, in which many cultures rose and fell, thus the relative abundance of large ruins on the island. However, the history with which this document is concerned is that of how Nerris came to be in the state it currently is. Over 1000 years before the current date, the isle of Nerris was in a state of constant change, as was the rest of the world. It was survivable, and indeed in these conditions many nations rose and fell, including the construction of cities the like of which are rare in the world. However, floods and earthquakes were common, volcano eruptions occurring nearly fortnightly and farmers had a near impossible job in trying to keep up with the constant changes in ground fertility. It had not been long since the last empire fell due to internal strife and a breakdown of government following an earthquake destroying the nation’s capital, so the population of Nerris was scattered throughout the island in small villages and towns, the port city of Sarael being the last remnant of this fallen empire. It was in these conditions that a boy in an unnamed village to the north of the island began to grow discontent with the unpredictability of the village’s harvest. 
The year before had been a prosperous one, with enough food to feed the village and to trade with nearby villages, yet still more remaining. This year, however, the dirt became too dry to support the seeds, the rich, black dirt present naught but a year before now infertile dust. After losing his younger sister to starvation through the winter, the boy, who was named Arkon, began to meditate on the deeper truths of the world. 
It was known at this point that the world was governed by 5 elements, fire, earth, water, spirit and lightning. This last, lightning, is concerned with change, the movement of existence from one state to another. Also known by the people of this time was that through this last element, one could channel their elemental essences between each other, and so achieve tasks that would otherwise seem impossible. 
The boy, philosophizing on these truths, came to the realization that this fifth element, lightning, change, didn’t fit. All the other elements could be categorized according to their function in a person. Fire was external and unstable, earth, external stable, water, internal unstable and spirit internal and stable. However, lightning can only be categorized by its inability to be categorized. Additionally, only change could be attributed with the desolation of the soil in the village, with the death of his sister. 
In response to this realization, Arkon swore to oppose change wherever possible, avoiding shifting his essences at any point, in the hopes that doing this might, at least a little, stop the incessant change occurring in the world. So fervent was his pursuit of this goal, and so desperate became the inhabitants of this unnamed village that people began to follow him. 
At the time he had converted nearly the entire village to his new philosophy, two things began to happen that would come to change life as it was known on the Isle of Nerris. The first is that Arkon began to write down his philosophy in documents that would come to be copied continuously and around which much of the current Nerrisian population would come to revere religiously. The second, perhaps much greater, occurrence was the reduced rate of change of the region around the village. One year, the surrounding villages would get twice the harvest as Arkon’s, but the next year, while the surrounding villages would lose nearly all their crops, Arkon’s village got the same harvest as last year.
These consistent results that could only have been caused by the opposition of the village’s inhabitants to the element of change caused many of those from the surrounding villages to come to Arkon’s village and follow his newly written doctrine. As time went on, more and more people came to this village, and it grew from a village to a town to a city, eventually becoming a metropolis, the likes of which were otherwise unknown to the people of Nerris. As time went on, more and more people began to follow the philosophy put forth by Arkon and the area affected by this refusal of change became larger and larger, until it enveloped to some degree nearly the entire Island. In fact, this aura became so strong that those who truly adhered to the doctrine began to age slower than the others and less vulnerable to harm. Arkon himself, who had grown quite proud at this point and had a colossal tower built for him, became such a paragon of stability that he ceased to age. 
After 200 years, an age only achieved through the impressive effects of his philosophy, Arkon achieved the greatest feat in defying change, which many now term his ‘ascension’. In his meditation room high in his impossibly tall tower, Arkon stopped moving. Along with not aging, his heart no longer beats, his lungs no longer take in air and his muscles no longer move. The only proof that remains of his life is the aura he emits. His very presence slows the progression of time, such that anyone who enters his tower can feel its flow slow to the point of nearly stopping. This effect also causes the lives of those who live near the tower, an honour afforded now only to those high in the organized religion that teaches his philosophy. Even those who live on the outskirts of the metropolis named for its progenitor, Arkon, find themselves with lifespans far surpassing those who live further to the south.
Despite what many consider to be a final triumph over the force of change, over the nearly 800 years since Arkon’s ascension, change appears to have been growing, nearly fighting back. While the majority of the island live in relative stability, those near the southern tip of the island find themselves in just as bad a situation as those 1000 years ago and those who live on the tip itself live in a state if constant chaos. Floods, earthquakes, eruptions and extreme weather changes occur nearly constantly, and areas that are currently forested were a desert in living memory.
This ‘counterattack’ of chaos has resulted in the formation of two distinct groups in direct opposition to the followers of Arkon. The first is a view held by many outside of the city of Arkon, and even some inside the city itself, that only bad things can come from this open defiance to change, that change will eventually come, and when it does, it will destroy the world as it is known unless that change is accepted. The second, more extreme, group has developed an ideology in direct opposition to that of Arkon’s, that change is the only truth of the world and that that they need to dismantle the order established by Arkon and is follower, through any means necessary. 
It is in these conditions that the island of Nerris currently finds itself, with change brewing in the south and a religion beginning to face the only real opposition it has had in the last 1000 years.
