# The Southern Peninsula
The Southern Peninsula is a region of much turmoil, being the furthest part of Nerris from Arkon. The terrain is incredibly varied, from snow covered plains to deserts, and can change within the span of a lifetime. Weather is uncertain, with storms occurring regularly and natural disasters such as earthquakes or volcanic eruptions occur monthly. As a result of these factors, there are few settlements in this region, and those that do exist are very small relative to the rest of Nerris. Most of the inhabitants of this region are nomadic hunter-gatherers or farm in several different areas according to the rapid changes in season. 

However, as a result of the continuous turmoil, the soil is very rich from the volcanic eruptions and being stirred by earthquakes, so the various crops grown here tend to prosper. In fact, there are several crops that can only be grown here that take advantage of the frequent disruption, such as a type of root vegetable that grows very deep underground and can only be harvested from the large chasms that open up during earthquakes. Many of these foods are considered delicacies in northern Nerris, and they are the primary source of income for inhabitants of this region.

The people of the Southern Peninsula are also much more varied than the people from northern regions, with drastic variations in height and build, as well as more extreme variations such as skin colour or number of limbs, though these are rarer. A notable example of this is when several people were born with a single eye. These people were ostracized from society, but found each other and formed a small town along the southern coast, where they now mostly farm and fish, generally secluded from the rest of society. However, they do serve as a trading conduit between the Southern Peninsula and Askir.

Due to this variation, many of the people from the Southern Peninsula are treated with suspicion and ridicule from those from the north. However, the reverse is also true, with those from the south seeing northerners as ‘stale’ or ‘boring’. The people of the Southern Peninsula almost always prefer the more chaotic nature of these southern lands and would likely tire of the regularity of northern lands. 