# The City of Arkon
Arkon is a large metropolis with a population of nearly 5 000 000. The inner city is very orderly, similar stone houses set out in neat rows, roads travelling in straight lines out from the most striking feature of the city, the impossibly tall tower at the very centre. The buildings closest to the tower are large mansions that house Arkon’s closest disciples, those who have followed him and his doctrine for hundreds of years and are responsible for spreading his philosophy to the world. As the distance from the tower increases, smaller buildings house the hundreds of devout followers of Arkon, though are more recent converts.

Once this section is passed, a large road creates a ring that acts as a wall in all but name, separating the deliberate, ordered section of the city from the more chaotic section. Around the road, the first inns begin to appear, and roads are formed from use rather than planning. This section, while still much more orderly than other cities, would be much more familiar to inhabitants of those cities. Markets begin appearing around half the distance from the tower to the outskirts of the city, as trade is considered a necessary evil by Arkon’s followers and so they are kept as far away from his presence as is reasonable. On the inner region bordering this road also lie several temples in which the Followers of Arkon spread Arkon’s teachings to the people of the city, by far the dominant religion in the city and amongst the whole of Nerris.

Guards who answer to Arkon’s disciples patrol the streets of the city constantly, ensuring that order and the status quo is kept. The strongest amongst these soldiers seek out those who call themselves agents of change and eliminate them, so as to further the goal of stability and eliminating change.

Along with the more orderly nature of the inner city, the stable aura emitted by Arkon and his tower causes those nearby to age more slowly, an effect enhanced by the lifestyle of those people. This effect is so strong that those who live nearby the tower can live for hundreds of years, as well as affecting people across Nerris. The lifespan of the inhabitants of the island range from well over 100 years for those who live in Arkon to around 40 for those who live in the southern peninsula. 