# The City of Sareal
Sareal is a vibrant port city on the south-western coast of Nerris. Containing approximately 1 000 000 people, it is the second largest city on the island, second only to Arkon. Due to their connectedness with the water, the people of Sareal (Sareallans) tend towards creativity. This makes Sareal a city of art and artists. The walls through the city, particularly those near the shoreline, have been painted with murals and the streets are filled with musicians sharing their music with the world.

The city trades primarily in fish, though some of the richer parts are sold as well. Sareal also serves as the primary conduit through which Askir's goods are sold. The markets of Sareal are filled primarily of two things, food imported from the north and east, as well as numerous materials from which to make art, including silks, dyes from the surrounding area and precious metals from the mines in the north.

The city itself is a hodgepodge of buildings crammed together with little order. It would not be surprising to find a mansion sharing a wall with a run-down hovel. While roads are still predominant, many rivers flow through the city and out to sea, leading many to find boats a rapid means of movement throughout the city.

The city is run by the Marquise, a title kept from when Sareal was part of the old empire. While she is in charge of the city by name, her and her guards do very little to enforce law and order in the city, with merchants from abroad being the only ones with any substantial protection. She is however, the richest person in Sareal, owning a substantial fleet of ships, the only ones big enough to sail to and from Askir and rumours say that they go even further, to otherwise unknown lands.

The lack of order in Sareal leads to a great deal of theft among the populace. For non-Sareallans, this makes the city hard to live in, but those raised in the city learn to steal from others, so a form of statistical quo is created where someone steals something, only to have it stolen from them in an endless cycle where very few items are in one’s hands for long. However, some items are not stolen, such as a musician’s instrument, a painter’s tools and art, or food, all considered necessities for life.

The cities docks span the entire coastline bordered by the city, with most bats being fishing boats, though some are the Marquise's trading vessels. The street that runs across the docks is full of taverns and inns, their walls covered in bright, beautiful murals, and the street itself full of the sound of music, an instrument being played in every building of hospitality and every 10 meters along the docks, day and night. The Sareallans have a deep connection with the ocean from generations of proximity to it, so the docks are always full of people, some going or returning from fishing or trading, as well as many of them simply just enjoying the sights of the ocean.

Most sailors on Nerris, regardless of their location are Sareallan, as few places in the isle rival the city on how much its people love the ocean.